README.md, before:

# Vanity ETH GPU

A fast Ethereum vanity address generator that runs entirely in your browser.

## Features

- **Multi-threaded** - Uses Web Workers for parallel address generation
- **Privacy First** - All computations run locally in your browser, no server communication
- **Custom Prefix/Suffix** - Find addresses starting or ending with your desired characters
- **Case Sensitive** - Optional EIP-55 checksum matching
- **Keystore Export** - Download encrypted keystore JSON files

## Requirements

- A modern browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari)

## Usage

1. Enter your desired prefix and/or suffix (hex characters: 0-9, a-f)
2. Toggle case-sensitive if you want exact case matching (slower)
3. Click Generate and wait for a match
4. Once found, reveal the private key or download as encrypted keystore

## Security

- Disconnect from the internet before generating for maximum security
- Never share your private key
- Always verify the address matches your requirements before use

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start dev server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## Tech Stack

- TypeScript
- Vite
- Web Workers
- @noble/secp256k1 for cryptography

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add first-contract vanity search target

README.md, after:

# Vanity ETH GPU

A fast Ethereum vanity address generator that runs entirely in your browser.

## Features

- **Multi-threaded** - Uses Web Workers for parallel address generation
- **Privacy First** - All computations run locally in your browser, no server communication
- **Custom Prefix/Suffix** - Find addresses starting or ending with your desired characters
- **Wallet + First Contract Targets** - Scan either the wallet address or its first `CREATE` deploy address (nonce 0)
- **Case Sensitive** - Optional EIP-55 checksum matching
- **Keystore Export** - Download encrypted keystore JSON files

## Requirements

- A modern browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari)

## Usage

1. Choose target: wallet address or first contract address
2. Enter your desired prefix and/or suffix (hex characters: 0-9, a-f)
3. Toggle case-sensitive if you want exact case matching (slower)
4. Click Generate and wait for a match
5. Once found, reveal the private key or download as encrypted keystore

## Security

- Disconnect from the internet before generating for maximum security
- Never share your private key
- Always verify the address matches your requirements before use

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start dev server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## Tech Stack

- TypeScript
- Vite
- Web Workers
- @noble/secp256k1 for cryptography

## License

MIT
